This is a lesson about e-commerce tracking in Google Analytics.
We'll start with an overview of basic e-commerce compared with enhanced e-commerce.
Then, we'll move into configuration settings for
basic e-commerce tracking followed by
configuration settings for enhanced e-commerce tracking.
We'll continue the discussion of shopping and
checkout behavior funnels for drop-off analysis,
segmentation, and remarketing purposes.
Finally, we'll wrap up with e-commerce tracking and mobile apps.
As a general note,
e-commerce tracking, especially enhanced e-commerce tracking,
is considerably more complex than most of
the implementation steps we've discussed in previous lessons.
But the benefit is much richer reporting and
deeper insights into your online e-commerce processes.
If you're not a developer yourself,
this lesson should enable you to work with your developer to take
advantage of e-commerce reporting in Google Analytics.